From: em.ipm.0.8b1727.65ce44de@editorialmanager.com <em.ipm.0.8b1727.65ce44de@editorialmanager.com> on behalf of Information Processing and Management <em@editorialmanager.com>
Sent: Wednesday, May 1, 2024 1:21:37 PM
To: Fattane Zarrinkalam <fzarrink@uoguelph.ca>
Subject: Decision on submission to Information Processing and Management
 
CAUTION: This email originated from outside of the University of Guelph. Do not click links or open attachments unless you recognize the sender and know the content is safe. If in doubt, forward suspicious emails to IThelp@uoguelph.ca.

CC: prosso@dsic.upv.es



Manuscript Number: IPM-D-23-02374R2  

Predicting Users’ Future Interests on Social Networks: A Reference Framework  

Dear Dr. Zarrinkalam,

Thank you for submitting your manuscript to Information Processing and Management. 

I am pleased to inform you that your manuscript has been accepted for publication.   

My comments, and any reviewer comments, are below.     
Your accepted manuscript will now be transferred to our production department. We will create a proof which you will be asked to check, and you will also be asked to complete some online forms required for publication. If we need additional information from you during the production process, we will contact you directly.

We appreciate you submitting your manuscript to Information Processing and Management and hope you will consider us again for future submissions.

We encourage authors of original research papers to share the research objects – including raw data, methods, protocols, software, hardware and other outputs – associated with their paper. More information on how our open access Research Elements journals can help you do this is available at https://www.elsevier.com/authors/tools-and-resources/research-elements-journals?dgcid=ec_em_research_elements_email.

Kind regards,   
Jim Jansen   
Editor-in-Chief
Information Processing and Management


Editor and Reviewer comments:



Meta-Review

Dear authors,

Thank you for submitting your paper to IPM. You have addressed all the suggestions made by the reviewers and, therefore, I am happy to recommend accepting your submission for publication in IP&M. Congratulations on this accomplishment.

Best

Paolo Rosso
IPM Associate Editor
 
