Delivered-To: hosseinfani@gmail.com
Date: Tue, 3 Mar 2026 21:24:56 +0000
From: Diana Inkpen <onbehalfof@manuscriptcentral.com>
Reply-To: diana.inkpen@uottawa.ca
To: ghasrlo@uwindsor.ca, msaeedi@uwindsor.ca, ruedag@uwindsor.ca, paul43@uwindsor.ca, hfani@uwindsor.ca
Subject: Computational Intelligence - Decision on Manuscript ID COIN-SA-11-24-10097.R1

03-Mar-2026

Dear Dr. Fani:

It is a pleasure to accept your manuscript entitled "A Probabilistic Greedy Attempt to be Fair in Neural Team Recommendation" in its current form for publication in Computational Intelligence.  The comments of the reviewer(s) who reviewed your manuscript are included at the foot of this letter.

Your article cannot be published until the publisher has received the appropriate signed license agreement. Once your article has been received by Wiley for production the corresponding author will receive an email from Wiley’s Author Services system which will ask them to log in and will present them with the appropriate license for completion.

This journal offers a number of license options for published papers; information about this is available here: https://authorservices.wiley.com/author-resources/Journal-Authors/licensing/index.html. The submitting author has confirmed that all co-authors have the necessary rights to grant in the submission, including in light of each co-author’s funder policies. If any author’s funder has a policy that restricts which kinds of license they can sign, for example if the funder is a member of Coalition S, please make sure the submitting author is aware.

Thank you for your fine contribution.  We look forward to your continued contributions to the Journal.

Sincerely,
Diana Inkpen
Editors-in-Chief  Computational Intelligence

P.S. – You can help your research get the attention it deserves! Wiley Editing Services offers professional video abstract and infographic creation to help you promote your research at www.wileyauthors.com/eeo/promotion. And, check out Wiley’s free Promotion Guide for best-practice recommendations for promoting your work at www.wileyauthors.com/eeo/guide.

Action Editor Comments to Author:

Action Editor
Comments to the Author:
(There are no comments.)

Reviewer(s)' Comments to Author:

Reviewer: 2

Comments to the Author
Thanks for fully addressing my comments.
